---
url: faqs
title: faqs
header: FAQs
date: 2024-01-24T23:22:10.403Z
description: faq
image: ""
image_position: left
---
**Schedule** – Currently we are open from April through November and that is subject to change in the future.

**Beer/Other Alcohol** - We do not sell beer or other alcohol at the vineyard at this time but plan to expand the menu in coming years. 

**Reservations** - We do not require reservations to visit the vineyard or for wine tastings during normal business hours. Unless otherwise noted for ticketed special events. 

**Children**– Children are allowed unless otherwise noted for a 21+ event. Children must remain with their family at all times. The vineyard is a working farm and not safe for children to wander unattended. 

**Food** – Outside food & drink is prohibited, with the exception of birthday cakes. You can purchase specialty foods and snacks in our tasting room and we have a rotating schedule of food trucks on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Also, if you'd like to order ahead from our charcuterie catering partner, [Savor the Spread](https://savorthespread6.wixsite.com/savorthespread/place-an-order) you can have a charcuterie board delivered to the vineyard and ready for your arrival.

**Dogs** – Join us for Fido Fridays! Dogs are welcome in our outdoor areas, must be leashed at all times and kept with their owners. Dogs are not allowed on the furniture. Picking up after your dog is mandatory. If you don’t have bags, just ask us!  **Disclaimer:** *We are huge dog lovers and want to be able to host our 4 legged friends as much as our human friends. We will continue to allow dogs unless there is an incident which forces us to change that rule. If your dog is aggressive we respectfully ask that you leave them home.* 

**Service Policy** – Per state guidelines we have a strict serving policy at the vineyard. If any guest appears to be intoxicated we reserve the right not to serve them. This decision is made by the server on a case by case basis and is not to be negotiated. If a guest is disrespectful of this policy, they will be asked to leave. 

**Private Events** - At this time, we do not rent out the tasting room or host large private events such as weddings during business hours (Thursday-Sunday). However, we do plan to provide this service in the future. We offer exclusive rental of the tasting room Monday-Wednesday for events up to 85 people. We can also accommodate parties of up to 25 people for events in the tasting room during normal business hours.

**Large Groups** – If you have a group of 8 or more planning to visit, just give us a call so we can prepare to accommodate you more comfortably.

**Entertainment** – We always have something going on at the vineyard. Check out our line-up of live music, food trucks and public events [here](https://peacelovevinonew.netlify.app/events#calendar)!

**Tours** – Vineyard tours are $50 per person and include a wine tasting. Tours must be scheduled ahead of time. Use this link to [contact us](mailto:info@peacelovevino.net) and schedule your tour

**Photography** – While you’re visiting, feel free to walk in the vines and take photos. We also welcome professional photo shoots by appointment only. [Contact us](mailto:info@peacelovevino.net) to schedule a time!

**Limos, Busses & Shuttles** – We have space for larger vehicle parking but we ask that you schedule your large group visit with us so we can prepare to accommodate you more comfortably. 

**Seating** – We have ample seating in our tasting room, patio and greenspaces. But if you’re coming for a large public event or festival, feel free to bring your own chairs in case we run out!

**Bottle Sales** - We have suspended bottle sales for the 2024 season due to limited inventory in our first year. Bottles are not for sale to be consumed on-site or to go. 

**ADA** – If you require assistance of a wheelchair we provide handicapped parking next to our patio for easier access to our tasting room.